h1. Trackncheese

What is it? Trackncheese is another web-based project management system. This one is tailored for musicians. Built mainly for personal reasons, I hope it is useful for others. The basic story: A musician has ideas and aspires to release an album or a single. Trackncheese is the place to keep track of stuff to make it happen. The stuff:

* Tasks (with calendar views)
* Lyrics
* Arrangement
* Song demos
* Practice schedules
* Recording schedules
* Mixing/mastering dates
* Release dates
* Fellow musicians (collaborators, hired studio musicians)
* Budgets
* Marketing plans

Does it do all this today? No. So far it is really just tasks plus a lyric notepad with rhyme helps. What I need is a system to keep track of the tasks needed to build this system. Deep.

h2. Ruby on Rails

This application requires:

* Ruby version 2.0.0
* Rails version 4.0.2

Learn more about "Installing Rails":http://railsapps.github.io/installing-rails.html.

h2. Database

This application uses MySQL with ActiveRecord.

h2. Development

* Template Engine: ERB
* Testing Framework: Minitest
* Front-end Framework: Zurb Foundation (5)
* Form Builder: SimpleForm
* Authentication: OmniAuth
* Authorization: CanCan

h2. Email

The application is configured to send email using a Mandrill account.

h2. Contributing

If you make improvements to this application, please share with others.

* Fork the project on GitHub.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Commit with Git.
* Send the author a pull request.

If you add functionality to this application, create an alternative implementation, or build an application that is similar, please contact me and I'll add a note to the README so that others can find your work.

h2. Credits

Adam Anderson made this.

h2. License

Use it if you want.
